Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput
My name is Lemuel Gulliver. I was born in England. In 16, when I was a
young man I studied to be a doctor. I worked in London at first, but it was
not easy to make money there. I decided to work as a ship's doctor. I liked
travelling, and I made several voyages①. It was an interesting life.
One ship I worked on was called the Antelope. Our voyage went very well
at first, but one day there was a great storm. The ship hit a rock in the sea,
and began to sink. I managed② to jump into one of the ship's lifeboats with
some sailors, and we thought we were safe. Then there was a big wave, and
the little boat turned over in the water. We all began to swim. I soon lost
sight of the other sailors, and I never saw them again. I think they all
drowned③.
I swam for many hours in the water, and I was very tired. Suddenly I
realised that the water was not deep any more - my feet touched the ground!
I walked a long time, and then I came to the beach. It was evening, and I was
exhausted④. I fell asleep on the sand.
When I woke up it was morning. I tried to stand up, but I could not move
at all. I raised my head a little, and I could see ropes around my body. They
were tied very tightly⑤. I did not know what had happened to me.
Then I saw a very small creature⑥ walking along my body. I looked again,
and I was very surprised to see that this creature was really a tiny⑦ man!

Soon there were more of these little men walking on me. There were
hundreds of them on the ground near me. They were talking to each other,
but I could not understand their language.
I shouted very loudly, and the little men were afraid. They ran away
quickly. Then I tried to free myself, and I managed to break the ropes around
one of my hands. As soon as I did this, I felt a sharp pain. The little men
were shooting arrows at me! The arrows were very small, but they were also
very sharp, and I decided to lie still①.
Now the little men constructed② a platform near my head. One of them
climbed up to the top of the platform. He was standing very close to my ear.
He began to shout into my ear. I could hear what he said, but I did not
understand the language he was using. He used signs to communicate with
me. He told me that the country was called Lilliput, and that he worked for
the Emperor. Then he explained that I was their prisoner. He told me not to
be frightened, because they only wanted to take me to see the Emperor.
It was now the middle of the morning, and I was hungry and thirsty. I put
my finger in my mouth to show the little man that I wanted to eat and drink
something. He understood me, and he gave some instructions to the
hundreds of little men who were on the ground. They went away, and then
they came back with ladders. They had wine and food with them. They
climbed up the ladders, and offered me the wine and food. Everything tasted
good, but it was very small, like the men themselves. I drank whole barrels③
of wine, and ate several cattle④ and sheep.
Soon I could hear a lot of noise on the ground near me. I turned my head 
to look, and I saw that all the little men were now very busy. They had cut
down a lot of trees, and they were building something with the trees. They
worked for a long time, and then I saw what they were making. It was a
large machine with many wheels. The machine was as big as me.
I was now tired again, and I fell asleep once more. While I slept, the little
men pulled me onto the machine. The movement woke me. I was curious to
find out what they were doing.
Then I heard a noise, and I saw hundreds of tiny horses. The little men
attached the horses to the machine, and the horses began to pull me along.
There were fifteen hundred horses pulling me! The machine began to move
slowly forward.
We travelled slowly for a long time, and then we came to a city. We
stopped outside the city. There was a very old temple① here, and they asked
me to get off the machine and enter the temple. I learned later that this
temple was one of the largest buildings in the country. It was no longer used
because someone had committed② a terrible murder there some years before.
There was just enough space in the temple for me to enter. Once I was
inside, the people tied me up again. They used ninety-one chains③ and
thirty-six padlocks④! The chains were long enough to allow me to stand and
walk around. I'll never forget how surprised and frightened the people were,
when they saw me stand up and walk!
Now the Emperor himself came to the temple. He brought his princess
with him. They wanted to look at me. They climbed up a tower in the temple,
and looked down at me where I lay.

People from the city began to arrive as well, and they climbed up the walls
of the temple to look down at me. Some very daring① people put ladders
against my body, and climbed up these. Everybody was very surprised to see
me. I was the biggest man they had ever seen!
